Skip to main
Skip to footer
University of Waterloo
ADMISSIONS ABOUT WATERLOO FACULTIES & ACADEMICS OFFICES & SERVICES SUPPORT WATERLOO COVID-19
SEARCH
ADMISSIONS

Year after year, the University of Waterloo is ranked among the best universities in the world. Our game-changing research and entrepreneurial spirit power one of the world’s top innovation hubs. Our students learn from world-class scholars and benefit from North America’s largest co-op (paid internship) program.

If you’re looking for a place to pursue your interests and build the skills for a successful future, we hope you’ll join us at the University of Waterloo.

 

High school or transfer student?
Use the undergraduate search below to find a program that's perfect for you.

Interested in pursuing a master’s or PhD?
Use the graduate search below to discover our
180+ programs.

What would you like to study?
Undergraduate
Graduate
Program search terms
Learn more
High school and transfer students

Admission requirements

Co-op = paid work experience

Undergraduate tuition fees

Applying as a high school or transfer student

Prospective graduate students

Researching graduate school

Application and admission requirements

Funding

Graduate student tuition and fees

 
Students from 120 countries choose Waterloo each year because of our reputation as one of North America's top universities. 
Rankings and reputation
#1
in Canada for most innovative university
Maclean's 2023 university rankings
#1
in Canada for graduate employment rate
QS Graduate Employability Rankings 2022
#1
comprehensive research university in Canada
Research Infosource 2022
 
Waterloo by the numbers
Watch video on YouTube
Other ways to study
Part-time and online studies

For high school, transfer, and mature students.

Earn your graduate degree online

Study from the comfort of your home.

Professional development

Lifelong learning for professionals and executives.

TOP
SHARE
ADMISSIONS
200 University Avenue West
Waterloo, ON, Canada  N2L 3G1
+1 519 888 4567
CONTACT WATERLOO
MAPS & DIRECTIONS
WATSAFE
ACCESSIBILITY
PRIVACY
COPYRIGHT
NEWS
CAREERS
FEEDBACK
@uwaterloo social directory

The University of Waterloo acknowledges that much of our work takes place on the traditional territory of the Neutral, Anishinaabeg and Haudenosaunee peoples. Our main campus is situated on the Haldimand Tract, the land granted to the Six Nations that includes six miles on each side of the Grand River. Our active work toward reconciliation takes place across our campuses through research, learning, teaching, and community building, and is co-ordinated within our Office of Indigenous Relations.

LOG IN
We use cookies on this site to enhance the user experience.

Select 'Accept all' to agree and continue. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use this website.

ACCEPT ALL