Skip to main content
Jump to
Search for
Search Location
On all sites
On this site
ABOUT WATERLOO
About Waterloo Home
Who we are
Reports and publications
Accountability
Contact us
Welcome to the University of Waterloo
Our greatest impact happens together

In 1957, the University of Waterloo opened its doors to 74 engineering students with co-operative education as its cornerstone.

Today, with more than 42,000+ students attending annually, Waterloo is #1 in Canada for experiential learning and employer-student connections. 

With a global network spanning more than 220,000 alumni in 151 countries, Waterloo attracts world-class scholars including a Nobel Laureate, leads in providing work-integrated learning opportunities with 7,100+ active co-op employers and fosters an entrepreneurial spirit that’s created 5,000+ jobs through Velocity alone, Canada’s most productive startup incubator by private investment.

The University of Waterloo continues to spur innovation to solve problems on a global scale. Together, with the help of our partners and community, we can accomplish even more.

Remote video URL
View on YouTube
200 University Avenue West
Waterloo, ON, Canada  N2L 3G1
+1 519 888 4567
CONTACT WATERLOO
ACCESSIBILITY
NEWS
MAPS & DIRECTIONS
PRIVACY
CAREERS
WATSAFE
COPYRIGHT
FEEDBACK
Instagram
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
YouTube
@uwaterloo social directory

The University of Waterloo acknowledges that much of our work takes place on the traditional territory of the Neutral, Anishinaabeg and Haudenosaunee peoples. Our main campus is situated on the Haldimand Tract, the land granted to the Six Nations that includes six miles on each side of the Grand River. Our active work toward reconciliation takes place across our campuses through research, learning, teaching, and community building, and is co-ordinated within our Office of Indigenous Relations.

We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience

Select 'Accept all' to agree and continue. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use this website.

Accept all