Skip to main
Skip to footer
University of Waterloo
ADMISSIONS ABOUT WATERLOO FACULTIES & ACADEMICS OFFICES & SERVICES SUPPORT WATERLOO COVID-19
SEARCH
COVID-19 INFORMATION
COVID-19 Information home
Illness and assessment
Health and safety
Information for instructors
Frequently asked questions
News
Continuity of Education Plan
University of Waterloo information on COVID-19

Last updated: January 5, 2023

Latest updates

January 5 - Winter term: masks strongly recommended but optional 

Starting January 9, a mask requirement will not continue but we strongly encourage you to think of the people around you and help limit the spread of COVID by wearing a mask in indoor settings.
As always, we will not hesitate to bring back a requirement to wear masks if the situation requires it at any point during the term. 

Read the full memos for undergraduate students, employees and graduate students, and instructors.

INFORMATION ABOUT
Illness and assessment
INFORMATION FOR
Instructors
VIEW THE
Frequently Asked Questions
Do your part

Get a booster dose as soon as possible, and make sure eligible children are vaccinated as soon as possible. Many more appointments are available now than previously.
If you need to book a booster dose you can do so with Health Services and there are many online resources to help you find available shots, such as the Region of Waterloo, Vaccine Ontario or Vaccine Hunters. 

If you are an international student and you have questions about vaccinations, you can contact ise@uwaterloo.ca.  

Wear a mask that fits well, has multiple layers, and has an effective filter layer. Wherever you go, please always follow the Public Health Agency of Canada’s (PHAC) recommendations on masks. 
Limit your contact with other people and stay home if you have any symptoms of COVID-19. You can take this self-assessment if you think you may have been exposed to COVID-19 or have symptoms.  
READ THE LATEST IN
Health and Safety
Help is available

Students: We understand that many of our students have family members in areas affected by COVID-19. If you feel overwhelmed or anxious and need to talk to somebody, please contact the University’s Campus Wellness services, either Health or Counselling Services.

Employees: Our Employee and Family Assistance Program is available 24/7 for counselling, coaching and support. Call 1-800-663-1142 or visit Homeweb.ca.

If you are in crisis, feeling unsafe, or worried you might hurt yourself or others: 

call 911 if you are experiencing a life-threatening issue
Counselling Services – 519-888-4567 ext. 42655.
Grand River Hospital  – 519-749-4300
St. Mary's Hospital  – 519-744-3311
Empower Me, Mental Health Resources   – 1-833-628-5589 
Counseling available via phone, video, and in person
Available 24/7, 365 days in 22 countries worldwide
Non-emergency Waterloo Regional Police Services  – 519-653-770
Quick links
 
Public health

Ministry of Health

Public Health Ontario

Region of Waterloo Public Health

Travel advice

Global Affairs Canada - All countries

Register your travel

 
University resources

Campus Wellness

Daily Bulletin

WatSAFE

UW MATES (Mentor Assistance Through Education and Support)

Employee and Family Assistance Provider (Homewood Health)

Occupational Health

Community resources

Here 24/7

Empower Me – Mental Health Resources

Grand River Hospital

St. Mary's Hospital

Good2Talk

Crisis Services Canada

 
Questions?

If you have questions about Waterloo's response to the COVID-19 pandemic, please email coronavirus@uwaterloo.ca.

News
JAN. 5, 2023
Winter term: masks strongly recommended but optional

Update for the UWaterloo community

While COVID-19, influenza and other respiratory illnesses continue to circulate in our community, there is now less risk of disruption to our academic activities so a mask requirement will not continue. However, given the ongoing impact of these conditions for members of our community, we strongly encourage you to think of the people around you and help limit the spread of COVID by wearing a mask in indoor settings this term.  

READ ALL NEWS
TOP
SHARE
Questions?

Please email coronavirus@uwaterloo.ca.

200 University Avenue West
Waterloo, ON, Canada  N2L 3G1
+1 519 888 4567
CONTACT WATERLOO
MAPS & DIRECTIONS
WATSAFE
ACCESSIBILITY
PRIVACY
COPYRIGHT
NEWS
CAREERS
FEEDBACK
@uwaterloo social directory

The University of Waterloo acknowledges that much of our work takes place on the traditional territory of the Neutral, Anishinaabeg and Haudenosaunee peoples. Our main campus is situated on the Haldimand Tract, the land granted to the Six Nations that includes six miles on each side of the Grand River. Our active work toward reconciliation takes place across our campuses through research, learning, teaching, and community building, and is co-ordinated within our Office of Indigenous Relations.

LOG IN
We use cookies on this site to enhance the user experience.

Select 'Accept all' to agree and continue. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use this website.

ACCEPT ALL